What brings you here?
Did you take my mom away again?
Didn't you say that as long as I keep the child
Did you help him find Shengyuan?
Shengyuan has found it.
Will hold soon
I changed his career
It is also for him to have better treatment later.
What are you nervous about?
Where is my mom now
Take a good look
warmth
As long as you listen to me
I will treat him well
If you don't listen
That's shameless
What's the difference between you and a robber?
Of course there is a difference
The difference is whether I can arrange a body transplant
Warm you are smart
You know what I want
Stay away from the armed police master
Don't give him any future
A well-kept secret
Don't tell anyone.
Otherwise, I'll protect you all.
Zombie, don't touch my mother
Don't touch him
Then it depends on your performance
here
Not a place for a bitch like you
Come on, throw this bitch out for me